aha well she funny wise option hey don't
go shake hands hell naw how pull yo
y'all might be too right watch this and
I told you I don't know the poor Tommy
the tempeh the whole nut you only only
the yah-ha-ha synthetic hand out on
either side of the wall he's a gray Koko
ah that's a cricket ball Tony wait ma
that's how she airport wall now poured
will not count on the earth wall so you
cannot have a power goes to what you lie
to me how about process of us a to be
peanut love you
ticking ha ha ha
sweet back Nikki bats are how shall
track shall I go to that hotel that
quite a bit
oh oh how soon till I don't go wow
haha
you
one thing that one little girls you've
had a demo so these only go yellow